Adjusted mode (#1183)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/basics/topic/adjustedmode-nosymlinks.rst

Windows has insufficient support for :term:`symlink`\s and revoking write :term:`permissions` on files.
Therefore, :term:`git-annex` classifies it as a :term:`crippled file system` and has to stray from its default behavior: it enters :term:`adjusted mode`.

> While git-annex on Unix-based file operating systems stores data in the annex and creates a symlink in the data's original place, on Windows it moves data into the :term:`annex` and creates a *copy* of the data in its original place. This behavior is not specific to Windows, but is done for any impaired file system, such a dataset on a USB-stick plug into a Mac.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While git-annex on Unix-based file operating systems stores data in the annex and creates a symlink in the data's original place, on Windows it moves data into the :term:`annex` and creates a *copy* of the data in its original place. This behavior is not specific to Windows, but is done for any impaired file system, such as a dataset on a USB-stick plugged into a Mac.
```
